date: October 18, 2016 
time : 3pm
meeting type: TA meeting
attendance: [ setireid, minbang, tjeiling, aarondur]
absent: [ linnhtwa ]
excused_absences: [{linnhtwa: reason: went on training for army}]
task_progress: [ {linnhtwa: will be woking on instructor Acessor, given a instructor what are the return result}, 
{tjeiling: finish working on the database, just doing some final touches},
{minbang: will be working on course Acessor, given a course what are the returns results},
{setiried: will be focusing on the result page for course , what will be display if given one course},
{aaron: continueing to work on search with drop menu} ]
issues: [ waiting for reply form Tom, about some questions ]
Notes: # The meeting this week was to finalize what we are working on, and weather all teammates are heading in the right direction 
       # minbang and linnhtwa are doing the accessor.
       # tjeiling finish on the database, doing some final touches
       # setireid still working on the result page
