date: November 8, 2016 
time : 3pm
meeting type: TA meeting
attendance: [ setireid, minbang, tjeiling, linnhtwa, mwehar]
absent: [ aarondur ]
excused_absences: [ aarondur  haveing roommate issues  ]
task_progress: [ {The progress on the website not looking so good as of now, want to have a fairly completed website before sprint 4}, 
{ with only the three of us at the group meeting, setireid, minbang, tjeiling  discuss possibly help out thoes who may need assistance with the project },
{ we also have agreed to have one or more group meeting before spring 4, so as that we can show some work},
{ and we also emphansize the group members, who don't understand should ask for help from TA and others },]
