date: Nov 15, 2016 
time : 3pm
meeting type: TA meeting
attendance: [ setireid, minbang, tjeiling, aarondur, linnhtwa, mwehar]
absent: [ aarondur ]
excused_absences: [ aarondur: having a roommate issues ]
task_progress: [ {linnhtwa: front end for the result page}, 
{tjeiling: finish working on the database},
{minbang: give the link to setireid to link between front end and back end},
{setiried: making a link from back end from front end},
{aaron: continue to work on result page after the personal issues solved} ]
issues: [ none ]
Notes: # TA trying to make sure everyone understands the assign tasks. The group will meet up again before next TA meeting to discuss for the presentation.
