date: September 27, 2016 
time : 4pm
meeting type: group
attendance: [ linnhtwa, setireid, minbang, tjeiling, aarondur]
absent: [ none ]
task_progress: [ {linnhtwa: discuss with the group about meeting notes 3 and 5 to upload }, 
{tjeiling: discuss with the group about how to collaborate with linnhtwa},
{minbang: discuss with the group about the next video to upload},
{setiried: discuss with the group about the meeting note 2 and 4 to upload},
{aaron: discuss with the group about sprint 2 requirement to fufill } ]
issues: [ the group is waiting on Tom's code, and access to the server ]
Notes: # discuss about the next meeting time arrangement

