date: September 27, 2016 
time : 3:30pm
meeting type: ta
attendance: [ linnhtwa, setireid, minbang, tjeiling, aarondur, mwehar]
absent: [ none ]
task_progress: [ reassign task for each project members for sprint 2, {linnhtwa: keep the same task}, 
{tjeiling: keep the same task and tables layout and need to collaborate with linnhtwa to make sure all labels display correctly},
{minbang: keep the same task but the results need to display dynamically with drop down menu},
{setiried: reassign the task where the students will able to see the previous search},
{aaron: reassign the task where the students will able to see the previous search} ]
issues: [ the group is waiting on Tom's code, and access to the server ]
Notes: # meeting with Tom for the first time.
