date: October 9, 2016 
time : 5pm
meeting type: group
attendance: [ linnhtwa, setireid, minbang, tjeiling]
absent: [ aarondur ]
excused_absences: [{aarondur: reason: car broke down}]
task_progress: [ {linnhtwa: chart mark up for page_search}, 
{tjeiling: chart mark up for page_search and table layout},
{minbang: page_search under master branch dynamic search},
{setiried: recent search on page_search},
{aaron: recent search on page_search} ]
issues: [ the group is waiting on access to the server ]
Notes: # minbang will creat the video. The whole group members will decide the next task for each member when we have the next TA meeting.
       # tjeiling and linnhtwa discussed about picking one chart mark up and keep all the webpages same chart,
       # to figure out the webpage layout like all the questions above the chart or mouse hover the chart and question come out
       # tjeiling suggested having a copy of the master branch on the server for ease of demoing the site to the client and course faculty
       # seti will looking into creating more serach options and possible extension of the search results.
       # 
       
